Oct. 18th, Monday
=====

Works
-----


ECCV re-id
-----
`Person Re-Identification via Recurrent Feature Aggregation <https://drive.google.com/file/d/0ByS8YXR7ycXHU1ZwSXNPWUNtNFU/view>`_
^^^^^
* `Poster <http://www.eccv2016.org/files/posters/P-4A-22.pdf>`_
* Shanghai Jiao Tong University
* Video re-id
* No CNN, use LBP and color feature
* LSTM
* Classification output????????
* Datasets: iLIDS-VID (49.3%), PRID 2011 (58.2%)


`Deep Attributes Driven Person Re-identification <http://www.eccv2016.org/files/posters/P-1B-34.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* Attribute + deep network based
	* Train on attribute
	* Finetune on attribute triplet loss
	* Final finetuning with re-id dataset
* Datasets: VIPeR (43.5%), PRID image (22.6%), Market (Single: 39.4%, multiple: 49.0%)


`A Siamese Long Short-Term Memory Architecture for Human Re-Identification <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1607.08381v1.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* Divide image into several horizontal stripes (6 rows in the experiment), represent as a sequence.
* Handcrafted feature: LOMO, color names
* LSTM progressively take each horizontal stripes as inputs (first siamese architecture with LSTM)
* A learned mapping (fc) after LSTM outputs.
* Datasets: Market-1501 (61.6%), CUHK03 (57.3%), VIPeR (42.4%)
* Settings:
	* Hidden state dimension = 25 (Market), 50 (VIPeR, CUHK03)
	* Margin = 0.5


`Embedding Deep Metric for Person Re-identification: A Study Against Large Variation <http://www.cbsr.ia.ac.cn/users/hailinshi/papers/2016-eccv/0236.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* Merged to paper note and csdn blog.

`Human Re-identification in Crowd Videos using Personal, Social and Environmental (PSE) Constraints <http://crcv.ucf.edu/papers/eccv2016/AssariIdreesShah_ECCV16_ReIdCrowds.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* `Poster <http://www.eccv2016.org/files/posters/P-1B-12.pdf>`_
* Re-identification in crowded scenes
* Model person, social, environment constraints.
	* Person: appearance and speed
	* Social: grouping, collision avoidance
	* Environment: transition probabilities between gates
* Not a typical re-id paper. At the edge of human re-id in videos, dense crowd analysis and social force models.


`Person Re-identification by Unsupervised L1 Graph Learning <http://www.eecs.qmul.ac.uk/~sgg/papers/KodirovEtAl_ECCV2016.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* `Poster <http://www.eccv2016.org/files/posters/P-1B-20.pdf>`_


`Human-In-The-Loop Person Re-Identification <http://www.eecs.qmul.ac.uk/~xz303/papers/ECCV16/WangEtAl_ECCV2016.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* `Poster <http://www.eccv2016.org/files/posters/P-2B-41.pdf>`_
* Author: Hanxiao Wang, Shaogang Gong, Xiatian Zhu, Tao Xiang
* Do not need pre-labelled training data to learn a model
* Supervised learning based wrong assumptions:
	* A manually pre-labelled pairwise training data set is assumed available for every camera pair.
	* The size of the training dataset is assumed either significantly greater or no less than that of test gallery population on which the learned model will be deployed.


`MARS： A Video Benchmark for Video-based Person Re-identification <http://www.liangzheng.com.cn/1320.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* `Dataset page <http://www.liangzheng.com.cn/Project/project_mars.html>`_
* New video re-id dataset
* `Poster <http://www.eccv2016.org/files/posters/P-4A-32.pdf>`_


Other re-id
-----
`Person Re-identification: Past, Present and Future <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.02984v1.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* Current review on person re-id
* Image-based/video-based; hand-crafted/deep learning system.
* New task: end-to-end re-id, fast re-id in very large galleries.
* Re-id system: person detection, person tracking and person retrieval (re-id literals).
* Hand crafted system metric learning: Mahalanobis distance, ...
* Siamese vs. classification/identification network
	* Siamese does not make full use of re-id annotation
	* Current state-of-the-art use classification network (Res-50)
* Datasets: GRID (underground station), iLIDS (airport hall), CUHK01,2,3 (campus)
	* Larger scale
	* Using pedestrian detectors
	* More cameras are used
	* `Website <http://robustsystems.coe.neu.edu/sites/robustsystems.coe.neu.edu/files/systems/projectpages/reiddataset.html>`_
* Video based
	* Multi-match strategy or single match strategy after video pooling
* Datasets
	* PRID-2011: 200 #ID, 400 #track, 40k #bbox, 2 #camera, 77.3% R-1
	* iLIDS-VID: 300 #ID, 600 #track, 44k #bbox, 2 #camera, 58% R-1
	* MARS: 1261 #ID, 20715 #track, 1M #bbox, 6 #camera, 68.3% R-1, 49.3% mAP
* Recent dataset on person search
	* PRW
	* CUHK-SYSU (LSPS)
* Future issues
	* How to evaluate detection/tracking performance in the scenario of person re-ID
	* Temporal information use
	* Using clustering algorithms to filter out inconsistent frames

`Similarity Learning with Spatial Constraints for Person Re-identification <http://www.cv-foundation.org/openaccess/content_cvpr_2016/papers/Chen_Similarity_Learning_With_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* CVPR 2016

`Personnet: Person reidentification with deep convolutional neural networks <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1601.07255.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* Further reading

`A Siamese Long Short-Term Memory Architecture for Human Re-Identification <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1607.08381v1.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* The same author as Gated Siamese Convolutional Neural Network Architecture for Human Re-Identification. Posted before that paper.

`Learning Deep Feature Representations with Domain Guided Dropout for Person Re-identification <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1604.07528v1.pdf>`_
^^^^^


`Recurrent convolutional network for video-based person re-identification <http://www.cv-foundation.org/openaccess/content_cvpr_2016/papers/McLaughlin_Recurrent_Convolutional_Network_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf>`_
* CVPR 2016, video re-id

`Modeling spatial-temporal clues in a hybrid deep learning framework for video classification <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1504.01561v1.pdf>`_

`End-to-End Deep Learning for Person Search <https://arxiv.org/pdf/1604.01850v1.pdf>`_
^^^^^
* `CUHK-SYSU dataset <http://www.ee.cuhk.edu.hk/~xgwang/PS/dataset.html>`_
